what's with the jeans we're rolling
another episode of your mom's house from
mom stray Leah in Melbourne I'm the only
mommy here but I have a wonderful guest
with me my other partner in crime for
the last two weeks
mr. Moshe kasher who I'm told who says
that I come pretty good too pronouncing
his name the way I'm supposed to is that
not correct yeah you're pretty much
sticking yeah how do you supposed to say
it though I don't want to confuse the
people the listeners at home but it's
it's just what you just call it Moshe
kasher but I mean there's a subtle like
like a real person would pronounce a
real person yeah like a Jew that's what
I mean when I say real person I would
say like Moshe do you hear the subtlety
of that yeah yeah it's at the end yeah
yeah yeah kind of Moshe yeah man your
eyes are really nice and they were seen
in this light yeah I got really pretty
eyes your eyelashes too yeah I'm
straight up gorgeous what why do you
always keep those glasses on hiding
those those does you think I should yeah
man what are you doing these ba ha ha ha
ha these glasses are so quintessentially
me I've thought a lot about it you know
I think of it like um you know in the
Bible they say that Moses went up to
Mount Sinai mm-hmm and he received the
Ten Commandments from God
and when he came down he had to wear a
mask mm-hmm because the information that
he had received in the proximity to God
was so intense that he had like crazy
beams of light like shooting out of his
countenance and that if he had come down
with his regular face that they would
have blinded the people they wouldn't
been able to see him so he came down
with a mask with the ten commandments so
it's kind of an interesting image like
Moses in a iron mask with two stone
tablets so I've always thought like that
about my glasses like if I were did not
wear my glasses the the beams of fine
coming off of me would be so
overwhelming to women that they wouldn't
know what to do they were just everybody
would suck my dick you
married men right you don't want that
right right no I don't want that yeah no
that is by far by the way like one of
the best reasonings ever ever ever heard
of somebody and why they were there wear
glasses it's really amazing that you put
that together have you is this a speech
that you often given or I mean I've
thought about you've thought about this
clearly you put some thought into it I
am I also can't see so I need see well
at all no what's your vision I don't
know what would it would it mean if I
gave you a number it would mean
something to know know the answer
a thousand a thousand it's a value my
business a thousand to give okay to give
our listeners some background we're just
jumping right into this Moshe and I and
Hannibal Buress and earlier last week
Garfunkel and Oates were invited over to
perform at the Melbourne International
Comedy Festival which is one of the
biggest festivals one of the biggest
comedy festivals and this is their 25th
year and it's you know it's it's a the
festival itself is really busy there's a
lot going on personally for me it's
definitely the most active festival in
terms of like where everybody's really
into it I mean Montreal is pretty you
know the that city's behind there
festival too but I feel like this is
kind of another level you know well I
feel like Montreal is equal to this
equal to this and if you don't know
moshe he he hails from the Bay Area
Oakland specifically correct yeah and
you started stand-up in San Francisco or
Oakland Oakland both I did both we were
talking about earlier this week about
doing black rooms and when you first
started like I used to you used to do
that right yeah I didn't I definitely
had much more and I also I did weeks
with black acts who you know their
entire their audience was like 100%
black yeah man I did what we were
talking about I will know it open for I
opened for Bruce Bruce a couple times
not everybody probably your listeners
maybe don't even know who Bruce do you
have I don't know I don't
I want to waste this story on your
pocket no just kidding fella kidding but
I used to I over Bruce Bruce a couple
times with Becca when I was first
getting started I was hosting and they
wanted a white host for some reason I
think they just wanted to get any
awkwardness of the show yeah yeah and
the fuckin Bruce Bruce is middle Actos a
guy named black boy oh yeah I do
remember this is amazing okay so you are
wait your MC mom I'm seeing Bruce Bruce
Bruce is kind of like a he's like a semi
clean but very good but very charming
kind of basically the point is that he
brings a crowd that is all black mostly
conservative black people kind of like
you know working-class to sort of
upper-middle attitude like upper middle
class black so they're very conservative
Church he kind of black people there
already unclear why I'm there when
everyone say - like what who's his white
boy why is he telling his ridiculous
jokes and then at the end of my almost
bad 15-minute set right I feel like all
right well that's my time ladies and
gentlemen say hello to your future
performance evening black boy and nobody
would know that I lose them was for real
black boy yeah and I would just fucking
say his name and beeline for the back of
the club just like run away and hope
that he would take care of everything
would what an interesting name for a
comedian like we were talking about that
too with Hannibal that morning of black
acts who just who adopted just absurd
stage name well I was thinking it
sounded - felt to me every time like I
was saying like ladies and gentlemen
that's my time say hello to your future
performer watermelon chicken man right
right well and there actually there
there there's a performer named food
stamp three a food stamp I am full damn
full broncho shucky ducky Chuckie ducky
hamburger oh there's a lot I mean
there's a lot there's a dude in and
there's an Indian performer in San
Francisco and cabeza
I know that guy no cabeza yeah I think
he's going by Kabir Singh now that when
I worked with him which was not too long
ago he opened for me on a show yeah he
was like yeah I'm gonna go he was
telling he was meddling and he was
telling me I'm see
like all right so bring me up his cabeza
Nana just bring me a bucket beer I was
like you've been chosen a name yet like
you're going back and forth between
names first of all cabeza I mean no this
I mean I'm not trying to talk shit but
yeah the whole easy thing is gonna go
out of style anyway right eventually
that's what happens it's kind of like
nickname things is it become dated it's
like you nobody will ever remember that
people used to go for sheezy yes yeah
it's gonna and Kabir Singh that's a good
name it is yeah it's a and you're right
the the easy is gonna be dated yeah if
not already quite quite soon yeah like I
used to when I first started comedy I
called myself no I called myself SHM
Endel the oil of comedy and I'd come on
I had a big bag full of like
circumcision tools and stuff and I would
end up bringing this baby out of the bag
like a fake no you don't just suck the
baby's dick right right and then it
would just do jack you late kedem grape
juice all over me so they'd be dripping
in purple juice and babies come you know
yeah how'd that go over I mean I
definitely brought me to where I am
today I gotta say just you saying this
right now highlights to me one of the
things that that had stood out to me the
most in Australia and that is like I
just used going to those places right
now yeah is so American and I realize
how American it is to go like over the
line and like like there's an article
that came out today about political
correctness in Australia and I got cited
in it yeah from my from my opening night
joke and I was just and uh and I was
just actually it made me think of
basically the opening night I made a
couple jokes and the thing that actually
stands out to me the most now is how not
crazy they were like how they weren't
really extreme jokes but here like the
first one is actually I feel like it's
it's it's like a sarcastic silly joke
which was
I thought I was dead I said that the
flight was so long I thought I was dead
but then when I got here off the plane
and I saw all the white faces I realized
I was in heaven and it's good it's like
it's not like hey man that's that's
fuckin mean right like that's crazy that
you would go there it's you know it's
kind of light it's it's funny but like
that is cited in the newspaper article
and I was like wow they really are like
wait like that joke people wouldn't
blink at in the states they would be
like always making a joke cause of how
wide our city is that's the joke it's
like I I will say I am NOT a jingoist I
don't give a fuck about America I'm not
even really that into America like sort
of hesitant theoretical level you know
people like greatest country in the
world I could give a fuck about it yeah
but people in other countries are such
bitches like disgust honest I know this
sounds so fucking like American to say
but people especially when it comes to
comedy are just some straight-up bitches
it's like do you not understand the
context obviously you don't what do you
actually they think you're coming out
and making a white supremacist speech
right or are you a comedian making a
joke and in America people are down to
fucking get grunt get their hands dirty
right with it with comedy and yeah man
I'm tired of like oh and the other funny
part is that Australia is a is in fact
more sort of wrapped up in their own
racist issues than we are and they
return in a different way obviously yeah
like we might be more racist I don't
even know the point is people don't even
want to talk about their racism problem
here they want to say don't discuss it
right and then under in private I'll
hear like all those fucking have
originals you know they're all just
sitting around did you you don't know
them but they're just disgusting exactly
it's a real conversation right yeah yeah
yeah yeah and and the other the other
joke I made was in reference to have
originals but the I when I explained it
to like some locals they were like oh
yeah yeah yeah we're we're wildly racist
like yeah but what happens is like press
I guess and maybe some of the artsy er
people at this festival or like you
now let's not make it let's not discuss
something that's going to be
uncomfortable right you know let's like
well I don't know I just feel like maybe
it's just solely American that like in
addition to every I'm not saying comedy
has to make people uncomfortable or
whatever but we definitely are open to
like somebody saying something that is
going to that's a sensitive subject
matter like sensitive subject matters
for a lot of American comedians are what
they do solely interesting because it's
like then you know the accent that are
big in America that are a big out side
of Australia like Brendan Burns and Jim
Jefferies are two incredibly offensive
and inflammatory comedians and they are
both not famous in Australia that is
incredibly interesting yeah and you know
I'm not familiar with Brendan even
though we we we got to hang out with I
got to hang out with him that one day
with you guys and he was a great guy and
a lot of fun but Jim who I'm familiar
with his stuff is like Inc earthly
offensive yeah and you're right he's
he's actually he's massive in the UK I
mean massive and in the United States
he's definitely a notable comic and he
does you know like big venues and he's
getting more and more popular I think
and this is the one place where he's
from he doesn't play here well I mean
it's gonna sound really chauvinistic but
I just think America is the best place
to do comedy in the world I just I think
there's no in my mind at this point
there is no question about the fact that
American comics are the funniest comics
in the world and then America is it has
itself so bad that America is the best
place to perform come there well there's
no fuck there's no question but I would
say maybe the the British and Australian
work ethic is is better they write more
they do more they are probably more
dedicated to their craft than American
comics are the American comes we'll kind
of skate on a really strong material for
five years you know yeah I mean really
you know I have jokes in my act that are
four years old you know I mean sure I'm
sure you do too
oh yeah absolutely
I less and less but you know I'll hold
on to the best the gems yeah and get rid
of the bullshit and then add new stuff
in but there's no question there's just
no to me there's like no question I'm
going around I'm looking at who the
American acts are here and though this
is sounds so terrible I'm going around
looking at the American acts are here
people like who you recommend and I'm
like yeah I was with you when we knew
that person we were just at a store and
somebody asked Russia who recommends and
you go all I got to recommend or the
fucking American acts that are here
not that no one here is good there
there's many good comics here but if I'm
I don't even want to finish what I'm
saying but basically I'm content to stay
in the States and do comedy there
because people I think it's just like
you said you know people say Americans
don't get irony that's like a thing that
people say all the time yeah what I
think is that I think that people in in
other countries in their comedy scenes
in other countries don't get like they
have a difficult time differentiating
between what the person's saying and
what they might they might be meaning in
right exactly it's very literal it's
very literal yeah and it's like when I'm
onstage I got this joke about when I was
in I did you know I was in Ireland
whatever and I'm talking about you know
I want a person to die I want him to
catch on fire and burn to death in front
of his family do I mean that I want him
to die of course I fucking don't I mean
are you retarded yeah but you know I
feel like that these it's these little
separations that people in the States
I don't know what it's about maybe it's
the people in the states are more grimy
or maybe it's that we've had
stand-up longer so it's had an
opportunity yeah to develop I don't know
well no I think it's interesting I mean
like I do I do think that
stand-up at its purest and I don't know
if that's a term that maybe he's um
misusing but it is a wholly American art
form like when we talk about like you
know what do I need to study to fake
like who what's the what stand-up you
know you essentially I mean this is his
objective and people could disagree but
you're gonna list American guys you know
like if whether you're talking about
like
where it started where it came from
who's the best developed that you talk
about you know
Lenny Bruce or Dick Gregory or Richard
Pryor or George Carlin and then all the
way up to today like who's like holy
shit this is how you do it and then we
get into today to like you know louis
c.k they are american but there are
great what are the greatest stand-ups
who come from other countries maybe
Eddie Eddie Izzard I would say it's
probably one of my favorite stand-ups of
all time you know Billy Connolly I'm not
I don't know his work very well but he's
like the most famous yeah he's a high
really highly regarded yeah the most
famous awesomest famous Australian comic
of all time the most famous Australian
comic I I guess what I don't know I feel
like a fool actually even attempting to
answer that I know that like in the
country barber
that's right I guess Carl Baron is that
the guy's name the biggest act in
Australia right now yeah I don't know if
he's the biggest I don't know either
but yeah I mean right so so the big acts
almost all of the big acts that have
made it internationally are British and
I would say the British have probably
the most happening you know the the
English sure they have a more they have
a very developed stand-up scene in
England that has is incredibly diverse
and I mean I'm not saying Australia
doesn't Australia does but I we have met
some great we have to clarify that we're
not saying there's not great Australian
actor a great Austrian I'm sure there
are when I was here in Sydney I was
working with a lot of really great guys
a guy named Michael workman was kind of
a I saw that dude he's funny means great
yeah it's kind of like a goth kind of
comic very sensitive guy like I don't
mean like he's sensitive I mean it's act
as sort of soft and sensitive in a very
good way this guy Chris Wayne house I
worked with it's really really funny and
Bruce Griffiths is a one-liner guy I
lost Steven right and there's great acts
we've seen here like you know was wait
was Bruce did he do the festival club
the other night now there was an
Australian guy shit
now this sucks who did the festival club
last night that did like
very like dry one-liner shit that was
fucking hilarious
yeah good comics here man and who else
do we see that we really like well we
should mention that we all had a blast
at Irish comedian Jason burns show Jason
Bertos real fun that shit was so much
fun and he was hilarious and did like he
was kind of very well-rounded comic like
he did you know he had straight stand-up
he had amazing crowd work he was just
fun all over the place what else we saw
it well we saw American poet um khun's
show we love that show halls great man
Paul's a real sort of raconteur kind of
Mark Twain II kind of guy and his act
really does smack of Mark Twain you know
if you're gonna smack of anyone it's
like who here influences you if you
could say Mark Twain I don't know if
Paul would say that but is this like he
really is a storyteller of gentlemanly
kind of storyteller some of the other
guys I've seen oh oh you know who I
really enjoyed was Steve Hughes I didn't
get to see him yes this guy Steve Hughes
I've never heard of him before I came
over here he's Australian yeah it's like
a heavy-metal guy long hair and he's
throwing he is throwing jokes out and on
a real kind of high sort of hats and I
just sound like such a pig but it just
really reminded me of American stand-up
right yeah it did I mean he was he's
real just throwing jokes from his hip
you know really dark nasty stuff but
yeah he was hilarious Eddie IFFT we ran
into Steve on the street and Eddie knows
and we were talking then Eddie was like
mate when he left he was like dude that
guy is fucking brilliant yeah I said he
was like the Doug the Doug Stanhope of
Australia or put him on the same level
as Stanhope which you know I mean who
you know that's a pretty high compliment
yeah for sure and that's it's a very
high compliment but anyways uh overall
like what's your we covered a lot of
obviously your thoughts on stuff but
your feelings about this festival
performing here
did you have a good time have you had a
good time sure
or ten out of ten every night knocking
home runs out of a motherfucking Park
you know here's the thing
I've never had a bad scent and a lot of
comics talk a lot about that like about
the experience of bombing mm-hmm that's
not a thing that I've experienced and so
you've done a lot of shows I've done
four shows and everyone who's been
really good that's like one a week for a
month it's been one a week I've been
doing comedy ten years right so every
three years I do a show but it's a super
long show it's about a month long okay
it's the way that like that in the Bible
we're back to the Bible you know like
King Herod used to bathe people back in
the Kings would bathe they would bathe
once a once a week but they would bathe
for you know 24 hours straight you know
they would bathe for 12 hours so they
would start in the morning gonna take
their dirty filthy fucking gamy lamb red
and robe off because they've been
wearing it for a week in Israel in the
desert so they would peel their
disgusting King robe off and then they
would start by you know having somebody
like shellac body fluids off of them
some sort of filthy Philistine with it
with a kind of palm frond and then they
would go into like one little hot bath
and they would come out of that hot bath
and somebody like an odd nubian princess
with her tongue cut out would jerk him
off and then he would ejaculate and then
when he was done injecting they would
clean up the ejaculate him into like a
sort of a eucalyptus sort of steam room
and then when they were done steaming
out the filth then that would come out
and now it would be a kind of it would
be a Chinese concubine boy like a nine
year old boy fuck the boy in the ass and
then and then they would it would just
be this very long process that's really
the way that my comedy works is it's it
but I'll you have a very simple road of
getting there that's what I like you
have you that's laid out for me like
that's how you do it this is the way
this is the way to do it American
American style layered layered American
style we jumped ahead to the wonderful
time we're having here we have had a
good time we've had some good meals
I fucked up by the way by not taking
your guys advice and trying that coffee
until today that shit was by far the
best fucking coffee I've ever had ever
had yes that's really amazing L burn is
like I guess a coffee town did you know
that before you got here no
I didn't but I'm from San Francisco
which is also sort of a coffee town yeah
and LA tries to fence itself a coffee
town I don't know if it really yes
this shit's dish it's phenomenal these
cafes are good they're good and I'm
going from here to Portland which is
also a coffee town you're lying I'm not
like you are lying you're not going from
there to Sydney right and then I'm going
home to Australia I mean to to Oakland
for two days and for Passover another
thing from the Bible and then I'm going
to Seattle choo yeah me too I'm gonna
Seattle but there's actually one of the
reviews I read it was just somebody
talking shit was like yeah cache exact
relies mostly on two concepts that
people think he is gay which he is not
and that he is Jewish which he is my
favorite one for me by the way was
somebody ended the review was he's good
but not that good like oh man why did
you buy it like that I've stopped
reading all this stuff that's just
fucking retarded but then I'm going to
Portland to the Bridgetown Comedy 5:1 in
Seattle
I'll be at Chop Suey on 4/20 that's
we're gonna do a show yeah okay that
club called Chop Suey in Seattle on
April 20th let's go back a minute I want
to go back to because we got ahead of
ourselves how did you start doing
stand-up and like when and all that
I started stand-up in September 11th
2001 there was an attack on the World
Trade Center and 9/11 yeah 9/11 right
and it's a day that I won't ever forget
uh-huh oh no I'm sorry that is nothing
to do it oh okay okay I don't know why I
brought that up okay but the summer of
2001 June 11th June 11th know at some
point I was i was a studying theater and
writing plays I wrote play I was writing
plays before I did stand-up and I never
see I can yeah I would cast you as a
playwright you have a good play right
look yeah so I was doing that and I was
acting and stuff and and actually I was
ready to leave acting behind
a long time I was like kind of over it
then I got into playwriting was like oh
this is like what I want to want to
write and then I got and then I went to
back east in the summer and I my friend
chelsea peretti do you know Chelsea I
know of I don't know not Pressler
Chelsea's a stand-up and we went to
junior high together and I was in New
York visiting and I saw Chelsea doing
stand-up but you know you're hanging out
she's like I'm doing to do this spa and
so I went and watched it and I was like
oh shit this is the thing this is the
mix you know this is the plays and the
acting kind of had one yeah so I told
the story so many times but so she was
coming back to Oakland that August I
think and and I was like okay we'll all
have written five minutes of material by
the time you get to Oakland and then we
can go do a an open-mic together so she
did I did we did in the rest of history
really that she's very much a part of
your getting into this no doubt
ya know Chelsea is for sure and for
those not familiar with Chelsea she's uh
obviously a stand-up oh well well liked
in regarded stand-up and also a writer
as well right yes she writes on Parks
and Rec and she wrote on the Sarah
Silverman program and she just had a
Comedy Central Presents this last season
just like you Tom and she's hilarious a
great comic and one of my best friends
alright so for everybody who doesn't
know chelsea peretti go check her out
she's awesome
so then you how long do you per say in
San Francisco before you go to LA I
moved to LA in in October two years ago
so this as in this this October a little
recently yeah yeah so this October it'll
be three years was it I always wonder
because I I'm Wade when people asked me
like hey where did you start standing up
yeah I started in LA and that always
blows people they're like well I want to
do that and I always tell them the truth
which is that I didn't know any better
like I was just too naive to know that
but I always recommend to people like I
recommend to young comics when I'm
working in a city I always recommend to
them get good where you are and then
move and that's essentially what you did
right you you waited until you're like I
have these at least decent chops before
I move there he was I started really
really good
right right so it wasn't really a
process of development so you started
great but yeah did you feel like though
though that made a difference like when
you arrived and like people don't
realize that la we get an influx of like
just fucking unbelievable amount of
people who want to act right direct
perform you know stand-up whatever every
day and you're really just another
number but when you arrive with
something you can stand out well I mean
I think about that all the time man
anytime I get depressed about my career
I think Jesus meant of the faceless you
know anonymous masses that are out there
fucking clamoring to try to get noticed
in any way like the fact that I'm at all
where I'm at is really kind of a
blessing I mean it's like it's really I
mean I don't think it's a blessing like
oh I got lucky but I don't think I got
lucky
although luck does play a part in
everything in show business for sure
there's no question about that
and in some ways I got lucky but you
know I think about like luck is like
luck won't do you any good if you're not
putting their money down on the roulette
table yeah and it's like you know so so
in this analogy putting the money on the
roulette table is developing a skill set
as in so the money that you have to bet
is is the skill set that you developed
and so when I when you come to LA with a
lot of money a lot of cash a that you
can put down on the table and bet you
have a really high likelihood of hitting
a jackpot at some point if you come to
LA with nothing and you start betting
immediate the second right in that
moment you're gonna fucking go bust and
people like you you know have a harder
road ahead of them because they you know
a lot of the times what happens is it
you know somebody will start in LA and
they'll go up on stage in their first
six months and then the head of
development at Comedy Central happens to
be in the audience and go oh okay so
that guy sucks and then two years later
you're like oh I'm good actually now and
they're like no I think you suck because
I saw you what so I didn't have that you
know I was in San Francisco sucking yeah
I sucked every as much as I could in San
Francisco then I started not sucking
then I got good then I got
good enough to move then I moved to LA
and then I got noticed and that's that's
a nice thing see all young comics that
are listening that's good advice that's
the way you do it right there get good
and then move to whichever's I mean you
know I think it's actually different if
you moved to New York because you can
move to New York to get on a hundred
stages if you're a stand-up but you just
wanted to stand out say move to New York
after you've been doing comedy for a few
years and know what to do how to do so
yeah I mean if you moved to New York as
a just a bad comic then he was yeah did
you know you're not gonna get anywhere
yeah the other thing so I think you you
definitely know that the other thing
that I think the quality that you have
that it's so important and I guess I
don't even know if you can really teach
somebody this or develop it but it is
basically imperative in comedy is that
you are you have opinions like you're
opinionated like that here's the thing
about stand-up or about comedy if you
are indifferent that is the least
interesting thing in the world like I I
hate watching comics that are just like
I don't know I don't care almost as much
as I hate having conversations with
people that have zero opinion on
anything it's just fucking boring man
yeah and like I don't think you have to
have the popular opinion you certainly
don't you you just have to have an
opinion on any number of things I think
you're you definitely you know you're
your own person
you have your own thoughts and opinions
on things and that makes you more
interesting certainly to talk to
offstage but it translates to onstage as
well that you're actually a thoughtful
you know inquisitive and like
opinionated person like I feel this way
or that way and and I don't think
someone necessarily has to agree but
it's certainly more interesting to watch
you know yeah I mean that's an
interesting point I mean how do I mean I
guess you ask oh well how do you become
a person like that I mean theoretically
you wouldn't be doing comedy if you
weren't or personally right it's just
natural I mean that's why you become a
comic because you somehow have
some arrogant idea that your opinions
are you know and we're watching yeah
important enough that they would be
entertaining yeah I should sit down and
watch for a while and I think that
somehow sometimes can become what is
what is the differentiation when I'm
doing international stuff like I think
that sometimes people aren't getting you
know my I buy Kaveri I'm a very forceful
performer a very aggressive performer
only and and so you know I do feel like
there's that there's a level of space
between what I'm saying and who I am
that for some reason I find that
American crowds are able to to
appreciate more and you know for better
for worse yeah yeah yeah um you see what
time is it
alright this is good this is a nice nice
length give people a nice entertaining
half-hour it's actually pulled the
curtain back on your own process so now
everybody knows the kind of length that
you like you've been talking about
length all week long and how much length
you like
well I've mixed it up I mean I've done
hour and 30-minute ones that's too long
I even feel like an hour is actually
like I don't remember well not that one
like you I've done you know I think that
this is the the range before you go
though just to things a can I talk about
what your work not going to detail but
I'd say you're working on something
you're working on it's very interesting
which is a book you have a book well
actually yeah cause it's out there but
in me history of homosexual passive goes
through the history of people getting
butt-fucked from the first guy that got
buck fucked who was his name was
pantheous and he was a Grohmann half it
was that he was a Greek half God uh-huh
he was a demigod and as opposed to me
I'm a demagogue demagogue right I'm not
a demigod right and so pantheus was
famous for getting bought fucks with all
eight of pants
so pan was not pan was pantheist as
cousin and patent would play the flute
and he would play one note on a little
on the little flute and then you were
poking into pantheist his butt and then
you play the next who and poke poke poke
and that's where we get the the sound
without every man makes when they
ejaculate every man makes that that's
from that I just made that a little
while ago I bet you did
so that's a fascinating book and you did
a lot of research studying buttfucking
it I watched your sex life exclusively
for about a month just watching her get
fucked up the booty that's really rude
yeah yeah but like I got it was like
guerrilla journalism was I the only guy
you studied yeah why you're the only guy
I needed to know I'm writing a book I'm
writing my childhood memoir um in case
anyone doesn't know that at this point
they don't know that
yeah it's true I'm writing it to my
childhood memoir a story about growing
up in Oakland yeah with my crazy
childhood and move you know loca it is
pretty crazy I mean obviously you're
gonna have to buy the book and read it
when it comes out but there is you
definitely have a childhood pretty much
as you know as I don't know if you went
as difficult actually extreme as as
anyone's in our society could be it's
pretty yeah it is pretty wild I've never
met a person that grew up like me yeah
no I don't think I have the words you
know I think that the opening lunch I
don't know if I should say the opening
life but you know I think that the
opening what line I'm working on right
now is I didn't have the worst childhood
in the world but I might have had the
weirdest and I had a bizarre strange
interaction with life and in many ways I
think that's a you know makes me the
opinionated beast I am today because
I've had a really kind of sideways view
of the world I came to yeah yeah world
in a very sort of bizarre sort of set of
circumstances
yeah now I can't wait to read this book
man and you've you know you obviously
made a lot of you already have a draft
in and you're so this is things pretty
far along but I'm very
very close yeah so and the book will be
hopefully released by spring of next
year I think it will come out in spring
I mean the publishing industry takes a
phenomenally long time to do stuff and I
don't quite know why but I'm certainly
grateful for it because it's like you
know it's like you only once it's out
you're you're done I mean I guess it's
like a movie you know it's like once
it's out you can't really like go back
and it's it's my first kind of offering
to the world of this part of my sort of
create a creative sort of consciousness
and so I really want it to be right and
to be it's not going to be perfect but I
want it to be looking that it can be
well I think it's great to about writing
something like your writing is that
you're extremely vulnerable when you
when you essentially confess you know
all these stories and and feelings and
emotions which it can be I imagine
pretty scary but at the same time it's
uh it's going to it's gonna win you so
many fans in a very cool way you're
gonna have a lot of fans from this men
but I gotta say that not me but yeah no
doubt I mean I have to say like terms of
owner ability like you know being
vulnerable you know in a way is like
stand-up is all about power you know and
power doesn't just mean being an alpha
of a crowd because you we've all seen
comics that are like they alpha the
crowd in a very typical way whether you
know they're just trying to you know be
the man and it's very boring to watch
yeah well real power onstage you know
like Maria Bamford he's one of the most
meek vulnerable like can shatter at any
moment performers ever and and yet she's
I when I watch her perform she's
swinging her big fat comedy dick all
over the stage with her vulnerability
yeah yeah absolutely absolutely
um so I know I look forward to that
we're usually before we go we say um
where we're going next and I said that
but tell me that again like specifically
your next like three or four days yeah
I'll be at Chop Suey on the 20th of
April the People's Republic of comedy
during a special show and and that's in
Seattle and then I'll be at the
Bridgetown Comedy Festival and that will
be in Portland Oregon
next weekend the 24th 23rd 24th 25th and
then this summer I got a bunch of dates
I'll be at an acne comedy company in
Minneapolis the end of June and I'll be
at what's the one I mean Indiana
crackers IV attack downtown crackers and
I'll be at the end of our comedy
showcase bunch of stuff nice so you got
all that going on you can you can check
out motion on his website which is Moshe
kasher and as Twitter is at Moshe kasher
yeah follow me on Twitter everybody I
got I got tweets you need to be reading
yeah you're good Twitter man good
tweeter have you and yeah I got CEO I'll
be I added a Sal's comedy hole in LA
April 14th which is next week so a logo
no this is a different one but yeah come
check that out and then off to Florida
and a couple more I don't know on my
site you'll see it there
all right thanks Moshe I had a good time
with you man thank you